dude I have to fly kids Brazilian
Jujitsu premium blue okay I love this
ski about three months ago I have a
black one which is the team one which
you can which is pretty good team
I just have a team one that's black and
an infinity on and some of that this one
of the lighter gate for where I live but
I live it's most majority of the time
it's hot I mean it's hot like I thought
I just do a review on the game so the
gay costs around about 160 bucks they
eat the size for the kids so it goes for
because for from m40 to an m4 so that's
probably random up almost like the
smallest gear you can get to the biggest
kids youth kids slash new ski again so
yeah so Mikey is a m4
super lightweight what do you get with
the game and what comes with it the game
will come in this you can teach heart
hyper flight or die back and here on the
bottom it has the logo and everything
and then yep it just has the size so
Mikey isn't and before so yeah so this
is what he comes in in conky's are the
hyper fly do or die blue kids keypads so
on the side
for the hyper flag patch and then it's
just life on the bed it's got the logos
and stuff and then the size of your
pants because you got to know what the
size of your pencil so put it on most
kids just with it so this is the doing
diet hyper flag atop so like again you
get this on each side of the key so you
get one on the left in the right arm of
your D and then on the back you get a
little logo then on the inside just like
a normal t-shirt jump off but uh you
have another logo and stuff printed on
the back with your G size as well as
your parents right you get hyper flat on
the side of your geek on the side as
next time